Recursive sample added for TreeNode iteratation (#1058)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/controls/how-to-iterate-through-all-nodes-of-a-windows-forms-treeview-control.md

  
## Recursive approach
  
The recursive approach is creating a method in such a way that the solution depends on solutions to smaller instances of the same problem. The method tests each node, and then calls the same method for each of the nodes children.  
  
The following example shows how to print each <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode> object's <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode.Text%2A> property:  
  
:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/how-to-iterate-through-all-nodes-of-a-windows-forms-treeview-control/cs/Form1.cs" id="PrintRecursive":::

:::code language="vb" source="snippets/how-to-iterate-through-all-nodes-of-a-windows-forms-treeview-control/vb/Form1.vb" id="PrintRecursive":::  

:::code language="cpp" source="snippets/how-to-iterate-through-all-nodes-of-a-windows-forms-treeview-control/cpp/MyForm.h" id="PrintRecursive":::  
  
## Non-recursive approach

> Recursive code may lead to stack overflow errors or out of memory exceptions due to there being too many frames on the call stack.
> 
> The following example is an alternate iterative approach to traversing the nodes of the tree using a <xref:System.Collections.Generic.Queue%601> data structure. This approach does not follow any ordering and only ensures all the nodes are printed. If we wish to follow a pre-order or post-order approach then we can use a <xref:System.Collections.Generic.Stack%601> data structure to ensure that a node and its children are processed before subsequent nodes.

Reviewer: Moved the warning into the recursive section. Cleaned this up a bit. I think it's a bit more clear now, thoughts?

```suggestion
The following example is an alternate iterative approach to traversing the nodes of the tree using a <xref:System.Collections.Generic.Queue%601> collection. This approach doesn't follow the parent-child relationship of a node only ensures every node is printed. If you want to process each tree node and its children, first, use the <xref:System.Collections.Generic.Stack%601> collection
```

  
 Each <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode> object in a tree view has properties that you can use to navigate the tree view: <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode.FirstNode%2A>, <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode.LastNode%2A>, <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode.NextNode%2A>, <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode.PrevNode%2A>, and <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode.Parent%2A>. The value of the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode.Parent%2A> property is the parent node of the current node. The child nodes of the current node, if there are any, are listed in its <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode.Nodes%2A> property. The <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeView> control itself has the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TreeView.TopNode%2A> property, which is the root node of the entire tree view.  
  
## Recursive approach

> 

Author: Removed extra heading

       }  
    ```  
  
## Non-recursive approach

Recursive code may lead to stack overflow errors or out of memory exceptions due to there being too many frames on the stack.

> The following example is an alternate iterative approach to traversing the nodes of the tree using a <xref:System.Collections.Generic.Queue> data structure. This approach does not follow any ordering and only ensures all the nodes are printed. If we wish to follow a pre-order or post-order approach then we can use a <xref:System.Collections.Generic.Stack> data structure to ensure that a node and its children are processed before subsequent nodes.

Reviewer: Adds the encoded `1 to represent the generic parameter and correctly link the xref

```suggestion
The following example is an alternate iterative approach to traversing the nodes of the tree using a <xref:System.Collections.Generic.Queue%601> data structure. This approach does not follow any ordering and only ensures all the nodes are printed. If we wish to follow a pre-order or post-order approach then we can use a <xref:System.Collections.Generic.Stack%601> data structure to ensure that a node and its children are processed before subsequent nodes.
```

Author: Updated the document text to fix the xref as per your reference

> ```csharp  

Author: Added VB and CPP examples using the snippets

>     private void PrintNodeValues(TreeNode treeNode)

Author: Indentation is now removed, code reference added via :::code::: reference blocks.

    { 

>         if (treeNode != null)

Author: Added projects samples for all 3 languages in snippets folder and referenced in document via :::code::: blocks
